What is a Micro Service?
    Micro services are the architectural and organizational way to software development where software is divided into individual small servies that are connected via well defined APIs.

What is a monolith architecture?
    Monolith architecture is like a container where all the software components of an app are tightly coupled and each component is full dependent on another.

What is the Difference between monolith and Micro services architecture?
    There are so many differences like..
    technology-> as everything binded with another in monolith, its hard to change technology or framework but in micro servies, its possible.
    build time-> it will take time while building in monolith and at other hand, micro services won't take much time
    modifications-> have to deploy whole application in monolith, but mircro services won't need that
    code base-> monolith uses single code base, but micro services having several code bases
    data base-> monolith will have shared data base, but micro services can have individual database

Why do we need a useEffect hook?
    useEffect will allow us to perform side effects 
    eg: we can call APIs    

What is optional chaining?
    optional chaining opertater(?.) is used to access an object property or call function. If the object or function having undefined or null
    instead of throwing error, the expression will be short circuted and it will assign undefined.

What is Shimmer UI?
    Shimmer UI resembels the page's actual UI, which will be shown first before showing the actual data.

What is difference between js expression and statement?
    expression is a block of code that executes to a value and statement is a block of code that performs some action.

What is conditional rendering and give a code example?
    conditional rendering means a UI component will be rendering if a condition is satified.
    const[isLoggedIn, setIsLoggedin]= useState(false)

    if(isLoggedin)
    <h1> <UserGreeting/> </h1>
    else 
    <h1> <GuestGreeting/> </h1>

What is CORS?
    Cross origin resource sharing is header based mechanism which will indicate the origins(domain, scheme or port) other then the same origin to share the resources.
    its also have a mechanism to send the pre-flight request to the server to access the resource.
    For security reasons, browsers will restrict the resources from cross origins.

what are async and await?
    The async function declares an async function and await will be used in the function body.
    async and await keywords deals with asyncoronus and promise based behaviour to be over written using cleaner code avoiding the need of promise chains.

What is the use of const json= await data.json()?
    data.json() will return a promise, so we have to wait for it.
    





